BOOKS PAGE — AMAZON INFLUENCER STOREFRONT CTA UPDATE

Update the public Books section/page on Elevate360Official.

CURRENT PRIMARY CTA:
"Visit Author Central on Amazon"

CHANGE PRIMARY CTA TO:
"Shop My Books on Amazon"

PRIMARY URL:
https://a.co/d/0gRcYt8Q

REQUIREMENTS:

1. Replace the current Author Central button destination with the new Amazon Influencer storefront URL above.
2. Keep the existing premium gold CTA styling.
3. Open the Amazon storefront in a new tab.
4. Add:
   target="_blank"
   rel="noopener noreferrer sponsored"
5. Do not use the raw Amazon URL as visible button text.
6. Preserve mobile responsiveness and minimum 44px touch target.
7. Keep the existing book-cover presentation for:
   - Healthwise: Stay Healthy
   - Together: Let There Be Love
   - One Clean Meal: A 7-Day Reset
8. Add a small secondary link beneath the main CTA:
   "View Author Profile on Amazon"
   pointing to the existing Amazon Author Central/author-page URL already configured in the project.
9. The secondary Author Profile link must be visually subordinate to the main storefront CTA.
10. Do not remove any existing book analytics.

ANALYTICS

Track the primary storefront CTA with the existing first-party analytics architecture.

Event:
amazon_storefront_click

Metadata:
{
  source: "books_page",
  destination: "amazon_influencer_storefront"
}

Do not place the full Amazon session URL, customer information, or personal data in analytics.

If an existing Amazon/Books click event should be reused instead of adding another event name, preserve the established analytics taxonomy and document the choice.

COPY UPDATE

Above or near the book covers, use concise commerce-oriented language such as:

"Explore Oladele Oyeniyi's books and recommended resources on Amazon."

Optional supporting text:

"Shop published books, featured titles, and selected recommendations through the official Amazon storefront."

Do not make unsupported bestseller, rating, sales-volume, or ranking claims.

TEST:

- CTA renders on desktop/mobile.
- CTA URL is exactly https://a.co/d/0gRcYt8Q
- External link opens safely in new tab.
- Author Profile remains available as secondary navigation.
- No horizontal overflow on mobile.
- Existing bottom navigation does not obscure the book cards or CTA.
- Analytics fire once per intentional click.
- TypeScript and production build pass.

BUILD/TEST ONLY.
Do not commit, push, or deploy.
Return the changed files and verification results.